No way. It's impossible.
That's what the doctor said, why don't you ask him?
Maybe I remember it wrong.
Your brother-in-law passed away 18 years ago
Maybe I got his blood mixed up
Wen Li is blood type O
Both of your blood are rejecting
The doctor said
There is a high probability that your two immediate family members
You forget there were so many coincidences before
Hey wait weird
Maybe a little allergic
How could this be?
Now both of your schools are in the hospital
Just do a paternity test and you'll understand
Hey, that's it.
And I was right.
Wen Li is my sister's daughter
I am her uncle
I have to tell Wen Li this quickly
Uncle Yan
He kept calling me an uncle
I should change my name to uncle
How are you feeling about the wedding now?
Are you still dizzy?
I'm much better.
What about Teacher Yan?
He's awake. He's not seriously injured.
But it's still useless for you to write it now.
He is very grateful for your kindness
Uncle Yan, these are the management I should do
Actually you are
You are
What's wrong with you, Uncle Yan?